a record number of openly gay appointees
in the Obama administration yeah in fact
a record number i believe somewhere
close to 115 he's only been in the
office for two years less than halfway
through his 14 year presidential term
and President Obama has already
appointed more openly gay government
officials than any other president in US
history and Christian conservatives of
course criticizing President Obama for
upholding what is considered by many an
immoral lifestyle what do you think the
acceptance of homosexuality push hard by
the gay rights activists will it be the
fall of this country 593 5822 soon
regret have a day president and that
would be the worst the real of the
people isn't being followed reads people
doesn't count anymore it's what the
president in his there's your little
group what they're getting it fast and
we don't have any facial it's terrible
we put we say no in the voting booth we
don't want them and then they pass it
anyway yeah believe me to follow the
United States the main reasons besides
appreciate all over United States if not
speaking against the different things
that the government is doing they're not
serving the wrong yes
we will be a damn america obama has to
go back to the wild agenda see even in
Solomon's an hour days that's why I
thought destroy the world they call some
witnesses and not only that's going on
is okay you got your rivals you got your
child molester you got people killing up
the children and stuff it just the one
all the way back to Revelation it ain't
the father you're feeling and you know
what are you saying it but it was
possible the Christmas it would be good
in the Bible it says that in the
beginning God made man and God made
moment and told them to multiply and I
believe is that the gay people this is a
man-made thing this is not from God and
I do think it will be
really did the last few make some very
good points because the seven percent
are pushing the agenda the other ninety
three percent you can't avoid the issue
everybody whispering about it we're
talking about it will the acceptance of
homosexuality in this society be the
downfall of America
you